With the previous exercise,
we've started to think about the data and how we might build
features to separate our signals into the various activity classes.
While that's a great exercise,
it's important to recognize that we've also just over-fit ourselves to the data.
When we did the data exploration,
we looked at the entire data set and now our brains might pick
up on patterns that are specific only to that data set.
In fact, this happened to me.
I thought when I was looking at the biking data that
the distance between the X and Z channels would be a good feature,
because when I saw the walking Data,
the X and Z channels were overlapped,
and some of the running data looked like this as well.
But there was this subject, S6,
who actually did have good separation between the X and Z channels.
So you could easily imagine a data set
where S6 wasn't part of it and then I would have been left
thinking that this separation between
the X and Z channels actually is a good feature for classification.
That's why sometimes when you're dealing with, especially,
small data sets, it's safer to use literature-based features.
Other researchers use different datasets,
so it's very unlikely that features that worked for
them would be over-fit to your specific data set.
Now let's actually see what features we're going use and implement them in Python.